Zoho
PeopleRecruitBooksMailExpenseERPAll Products
Sign InSign up now
Features
Pricing
Integrations
Customers
Resources
Support
Payroll made easy, scalable, and compliant

Transform outdated payroll practices and build a better workplace for your business with Zoho Payroll.

Start My Free Trial
Request a demo
LOVED BY INDIA'S FAMOUS STARTUPS AND WORLD RENOWNED BRANDS

‌Nation-wide compliance across all offices in India

‌17,000+ employees get paid every month

EFFORTLESS PAYROLL
Get to know Zoho Payroll. Software that makes hard things easy
Personalize salary components

Accommodate diverse salary structures that suit each employee and your organisation hierarchy with custom earnings, and deductions.

Deliver salaries online

Zoho Payroll has joined hands with reputed banks in India and auto-generates bank advice so you can pay employees online.

Simplify contractor payments

Add contractors, set their reporting roles, handle TDS automatically, and manage their payouts along with employees in one smooth workflow.

Secure payroll with multi-level approvals

Ensure every pay run passes through the right hands with multi-level approvals, keeping your process completely reliable.

Get instant insights with powerful reports

With auto-generated reports, you'll get a clear picture of your payroll costs, employee salaries, and more, so you can make smarter, data-backed decisions.

Effortless scalability

From budding start-ups to established large businesses, we help simplify your payroll.

LEAVE AND ATTENDANCE
Manage leave and attendance, built-in.

Create custom leave types, allow employees to apply for leaves, approve or reject leaves, manage attendance - all from within Zoho Payroll.

SIMPLIFIED COMPLIANCE
Stay compliant, without thinking about compliance

We handle regionally intricate and distinct compliance regulations all across India, so you don't have to.

Automated adjustments

Adapt easily to the ever-changing tax laws.

Tax forms

Download tax forms like 12BB, 24Q, TDS, and Form 16 instantly with e-signature capability built-in.

PF, ESI, LWF, PT, and IT

Keep your business on legal footing across 28 states.

Ready-to-file reports

Auto-generate pre-formatted statutory and tax reports for faster filing.

EMPLOYEE SELF-SERVICE PORTAL
Give your team a modern payroll experience
Web and Mobile app
Instant Payslips
Digitisation
Communication
Make payroll data accessible anywhere

Let employees download payslip, tax worksheets, and Form 16s at their convenience, using their web app and mobile, instantly.

Notify as soon as you pay

Automatically send salary notification and when you release payslips.

Digitise payroll operations

Collect reimbursement requests, IT declarations, and POI submissions online.

Interact with employees in real time

Replace back-and-forth email threads and handle employee questions faster.

INTEGRATIONS
Natively built. Deeply connected. Inherently collaborative

Leverage the power of the ever evolving Zoho ecosystem and keep your HR, Payroll, and Finance teams on the same page.

CUSTOM INTEGRATIONS
We can work with systems you already love

Bring data from your existing systems like Workday, SAP, Oracle, UKG, and Microsoft to streamline things without disrupting your way of doing things through custom integrations.

Get in Touch
CUSTOMISE
Customise and automate
the way you want

Build new feature on top of an already powerful platform and make Zoho Payroll work the way you want.

ADVANCED FEATURES
Powerfully engineered to back your unique processes
Formula based earnings

Apply formulae to your salary components instead of manually calculating and ensure accuracy.

Reporting tags

Create Tags, associate them with employees and get detailed, customised payroll reports to gain deeper insights.

Scheduled earnings

Configure bonuses or variable pay for employees in advance as a part of any future pay runs.

Off-cycle payrun

Do not wait until the next pay run to pay the bonus and withheld salaries.

Document management

Store and share employee and organizational documents.

TESTIMONIALS
Loved by both customers and critics

Switching from ADP to Zoho Payroll has been a game-changer for us. The struggle of uploading Excel files is a thing of the past. Now, with Zoho Payroll, it's a seamless process, and we've not only saved precious time but also streamlined our operations like never before.

Gnana Jayanthi

Associate manager, KRG Technologies Pvt ltd

Zoho Payroll upgraded our payroll operations. Now, we don't have to spend endless hours sending out payslips after each pay run. With its automation, the process is seamless and efficient.

Shahid- Finance manager

Easy outdesk

Our previous payroll software had limited customization options. With Zoho Payroll, we customize according to our policies, and processing pay runs is smooth and efficient. I now spend 110 fewer hours on payroll administration.

Anjali Raval

People Manager, Ecotech Services.

Zoho Payroll's integration with banks and other Zoho applications simplifies salary payouts and associated tasks like payroll accounting, business expense reimbursements, and syncing LOP.

Satish Pattnaik

Finance controller, Lifesight

Go to Previous testimonial Go to Next testimonial
Cloud payroll system for growing businesses
Start My Free Trial
Request Demo
HELP & RESOURCES
About Zoho Payroll
Pricing
Jumpstart
Features
Integrations
Customers
Employee Onboarding
Payroll Management
Payroll Processing
Employee Self-service Portal
Statutory compliance and Reporting
Resources
Help
Frequently Asked Questions
Webinars
Academy
What's New
Payroll Partners
Payroll Partnership Program
Find a Payroll Partner
Become a Partner
Quick Links
What is Payroll?
Payroll Software
HR Payroll Software
Payslip Templates
Payroll Software vs Spreadsheets
Payroll Software For Small Business
Free Payroll Software
Best Payroll Software
Payroll Training Program
Data Security and Privacy
Payroll Service Provider
Employee Mobile Apps
Payroll software for enterprises
FREE TOOLS
Income Tax Calculator
Statutory Bonus Calculator
Gratuity Calculator
NPS Calculator
HRA Exemption Calculator
Payslip Generator
EPS Pension Calculator
AVAILABLE ON PLATFORMS
CONTACT US ON
Monday to Friday (9:00 AM to 7:00 PM)
Toll-Free 1800 572 6672
Email Us
support@zohopayroll.com
Partner Support
partner-support@zohopayroll.com
SELECT EDITION :
India
FIND US ON OUR SOCIALS :
OTHER ZOHO FINANCE & OPERATIONS APPS
ContactSecurityComplianceIPR ComplaintsAnti-spam PolicyTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyTrademark PolicyCookie PolicyGDPR ComplianceAbuse Policy

© 2026, Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.

Request a demo