FREE LIVE WEBINAR
Make smarter business decisions with Zoho Books reports
Jun 22 - 24  3:00 PM - 4:00 PM
Verify your Zoho account to start invoicing your customers. VERIFY ACCOUNT
Navigate To (Opt+0) 
Books
Your premium trial plan ends in 13 days.
Subscribe
self
Home
Items
Sales
Purchases
Time Tracking
Banking
Accountant
Reports
Documents
APPS
Zoho Payroll
Zoho Payments
Configure Features
TAKE A LIVE PRODUCT TOUR
Join us for a free webinar and get an in-depth overview of books.
Register Now 
Hello, gauri
self
Zoho Books India Helpline: 18003093036

Mon - Fri • 9:00 AM - 7:00 PM • Toll Free

English, हिन्दी, தமிழ், తెలుగు, മലയാളം, ಕನ್ನಡ

Dashboard
Fiscal Year-End Tasks
Getting Started
 
Year End Accounting - Tips and Tricks

Watch this video to learn the essential guidelines for closing your books at the end of the fiscal year, and see how Zoho Books can help you take care of it.

Note: Zoho Books closes the accounts, carries-forward the balances and reopens them automatically for the new financial year. So, you don’t have to worry about closing and opening your books of accounts. Know More
Things to do before the fiscal year-end
Send customer statements to your customers and get paid faster

If you have customers whose invoices are overdue, go to the respective contact > select Statement > select a period > Send Email.

Learn More 
Write off bad debts

If you have customers who haven’t paid you in a long time, you can write off those bad debts. Select the particular invoice > More > Write Off.

Learn More 
Handle prepaid expenses

Categorise the prepaid payments you’ve made to insurance or other services as expenses.

Take stock of your inventory

Evaluate your inventory and check if there are goods that are not in a sellable condition or not selling, and adjust your stock accordingly.

Generate and file GSTR-9

Finalise your transactions for the financial year 2025-2026 and generate your GSTR-9 from Zoho Books. File the return before 31 December 2026.

Learn More 
Update the auto-generated number sequence for transactions

Update the prefix and the starting number for each module in all the transaction number series created for your organisation.

Update Series 
Update the year to 2026-2027 in your Terms and Conditions

To update the year, go to Settings > Preferences > Invoices > Terms & Conditions, update the year, and save the preferences.

Effortless Year-End Accounting

Wrap up your finances seamlessly with our ultimate guide to closing your books.

Learn More 

Ace your year-end accounting with our simple yet effective tips and procedures.

Learn More 
Frequently asked questions
How do I modify the auto-generated invoice number for the new financial year?
How do I find the outstanding amount that customers owe me?
How do I get the exact value of the goods in my inventory?
What are the documents that I should send to my accountant to file my taxes?
View More Questions 
page loaded.